## Privacy Policy

Benjamin M. Schulte built the Ergo Wallet app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Benjamin M. Schulte at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Ergo Wallet unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

#### Information Collection and Use

There is no data collected by us. We don't track you. We don't profile you.

If you enable dApp plugins within the app, third-party providers will get the following information to improve your experience:

* A random, anonymous universal ID to help the services store preferences for you. The ID is different for each third-party provider.
* Your application language, platform and version as well as your device form factor.

Please note that third-party providers might store and collect the information you give on the dApp plugin pages. Please contact the app provider for further questions.

#### Log Data

No data is logged.

#### Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

#### Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.

#### Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

#### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at lightblocks@golfgl.de.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)